# martinvelez.github.io

[![Join the chat at https://gitter.im/martinvelez-github-com/Lobby](https://badges.gitter.im/martinvelez-github-com/Lobby.svg)](https://gitter.im/martinvelez-github-com/Lobby?utm_source=badge&utm_medium=badge&utm_campaign=pr-badge&utm_content=badge)

[DEMO](http://martinvelez.github.io) at http://martinvelez.github.io


This is a minimalistic, responsive homepage.  

One option is to use basic HTML and CSS to build your homepage.  That is as
lightweight as it gets.

I expect that most visitors will be using a small phone screen.  Thus, your
homepage should also be responsive.  A responsive website resizes and
reorganizes itself to different screen sizes.  The easiest way I have found to
make your site responsive is to use Bootstrap.  First, the navigation bar
automatically collapses.  Second, the grid system automatically reorganizes as
the screen shrinks. 

## Requirements 

* [Bootstrap](http://getbootstrap.com/)
* [Font-awesome](http://fontawesome.io)
* [Social Buttons for Bootstrap](https://lipis.github.io/bootstrap-social/)

## LICENSE

MIT License

Copyright (c) [2016] [Martin Velez]

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.
